hello to everyone during this video he
there will be no intronizes video of the
new aquatic symphony that is
become a magnificent show all
simply because of copyrights
youtube thank you
this being said let's now move on to
2015 novelties of the parc du bocage
let's start with our big novelty of
this year
this clafoutis it is composed of
big world and thanks a lot of
small aquatic mini games so the
real action is carried out by whitewater
to the big builders of attraction to
little Canadian she replaces the
pool and water slides to
the input of this type and so we notice
as decors and effects by abc decor
I think it's actually by them and at
the back of the pull there is a small
amp in the photo point that was realized
only the entrance to the pool is
still present
I imagine she will go to the level of
colorado a lower part of sludge
and so the floating part has been changed
we can also notice that he had
three new cases that were
built to streamline the tent
the park entrance and new
buzy characters were installed in
the ranch where the whole party on the left
is doomed it feels a very close
very close to the attraction what he
will really do a lot of good at the
map a heath we can also notice
that there are many news
cabins like the samba tower or at
the flash to wear or even to john wayne or
to the novelty 2004 2014 gross like
still hardly toddlers one can
notice that a new one of small
paths was laid out the small toboggan
red left for greece where and
for the sky tower we have a new
news queues from
new big bubbles arrived at
walk on the moon
the new catering division receives
currently his painting a single point
of sales arrives inside
on the return parades v or
ball enlargement also available
am it's always advice by
whitewater but then they're right at the
delay all news will arrive
So in May or June
on this land do not expect any
novelty
and even less a red mountain has
taken a few still there will be
especially no novelty to expect on
this small lot that's why it
was especially this little point but what
picnic type to install for the
big ry happyland has talked so much in
few words and the state and its 15 years of
embedded music have been installed
and many video projection points
are present everywhere in dark of
many animatronics walk like the
crane on these images
many leisure integration for
see also that news lights
lights we were installed the movie
tortle life young paris so lets
secret castle square 'knowing that
tortle wiesen stops in the month of May and
that cassel silhouette arrives in the month of
June we can perhaps have in me of
new sets she does not know
will notice this in June for Marc or for
speak in a few words about the wildlife
aquatic is a great show
must pass three lasers and I think
that they continued to install
maybe and I hope so too that they
redo and bodies because at
some moments we do not see very much
good lasers but hey I invite you
to see this show on video here
that's all for this video I
thank you for that, thank you for
to have looked at it we find ourselves for the
next episode of parking